react 19 will change everything first we
get a new react compiler which makes use
memo and use callback obsolete because
in the future everything will be
memorized automatically this is great
because us memo and us carbag are
notoriously hard to understand second we
won't need forward ref anymore because
ref will be handled like a regular prop
this is great because forward ref has a
very complicated syntax third we get
this new use function which will allow
us to a great promises inside client
components just like we already do it in
server components and this is great
because we will need fewer use effects
and use States and use will also replace
use context are you a react developer if
yes pay attention because